manny pacquiao will defend his WBO
welterweight title against joshua
clottey on march the 13th the fight will
take place in dallas at the new cowboys
stadium where it was announced earlier
this week at yahoo's from the
philippines has one world championship
belts in a record seven weight divisions
his garne an opponent is a former ibf
welterweight champion this fight is
going to be a hell of a fight you know I
know Millie pakia it is one of my
favorite fighters and now is my favorite
fighter that I knew that is a true bad
fighter if you try him it should back at
you I know and I know what I'm going to
face and I know why I'm going to fit
he's not going to be identified for all
of us at all because I'm gonna change
some teasing my training I have to get a
new conditioner Trina you start
preparing me I already start my training
so I know that I'm going to follow many
packer and it's not gonna be easy so
I'll prepare very well to system in the
packet and I promise that the true
office is going to be give the first a
good fight and it's going to be a nice
fighter will promise you could thank you
very much akhiya was scheduled to fight
Floyd Mayweather that matchup would have
pitted the world's two best pound for
pound boxes against each other but the
much-anticipated bout was canceled when
the fighters couldn't agree on a drugs
testing protocol I like that
introduction is in a meeting first time
I mean I'm surprised I feel like I'm a
football player
please come on March 13 it's going to be
a good fight between cloudy is Claudia
he's a good fighter in top fighter and
it's bigger than me and so I have to
prepare preferred hard for this fight
and train hard for this fight pacquiao
trainer Freddie Roach things as an NFL
stadium is the perfect venue for the
fight he said it will be the Super Bowl
of boxing